---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "ndfc_networks Data Source - terraform-provider-ndfc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# ndfc_networks (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `fabric_name` (String) The name of the fabric

### Optional

- `networks` (Attributes List) List of Networks (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--networks))

<a id="nestedatt--networks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `networks`

Required:

- `network_name` (String) The name of the network

Optional:

- `arp_suppression` (Boolean) ARP suppression is only supported if SVI is present when Layer-2-Only is not enabled. NX-OS Specific.
- `attachments` (Attributes List) List of switches attached to the network (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--networks--attachments))
- `dhcp_relay_loopback_id` (Number) Loopback ID for DHCP Relay interface
- `dhcp_relay_servers` (Attributes List) List of DHCP relay servers (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--networks--dhcp_relay_servers))
- `display_name` (String) Customized name of the network. By default, it will be same as the network name
- `gateway_ipv4_address` (String) Gateway IPv4 address, for example `192.0.2.1/24`
- `gateway_ipv6_address` (String) Gateway IPv6 addresses, for example `2001:db8::1/64,2001:db9::1/64`
- `igmp_version` (String) IGMP version
- `ingress_replication` (Boolean) Ingress replication flag. Read-only per network, Fabric-wide setting.
- `interface_description` (String) Interface description
- `l3_gatway_border` (Boolean) Enable L3 Gateway on Border
- `layer2_only` (Boolean) Layer-2 only flag
- `mtu` (Number) MTU for L3 interface
- `multicast_group` (String) Multicast group address
- `netflow` (Boolean) Netflow enable flag. Netflow is supported only if it is enabled on fabric. For NX-OS only.
- `network_extension_template` (String) The name of the network extension template. Applicable to Switch(es) with role Border
- `network_id` (Number) VNI ID of the network
- `network_template` (String) The name of the network template. This is only applicable for leaf switches
- `network_type` (String) Network Type
- `primary_network_id` (Number) Primary network VNI ID. This is applicable only when PVLAN is enabled in fabric.
- `route_target_both` (Boolean) L2 VNI Route-Target Both Enable. NX-OS specific.
- `routing_tag` (Number) Routing tag
- `secondary_gateway_1` (String) IPv4 Secondary GW1
- `secondary_gateway_2` (String) IPv4 Secondary GW2
- `secondary_gateway_3` (String) IPv4 Secondary GW3
- `secondary_gateway_4` (String) IPv4 Secondary GW4
- `svi_netflow_monitor` (String) Interface Vlan Netflow Monitor. Applicable only if 'Layer 2 Only' is not enabled. Provide monitor name defined in fabric setting for Layer 3 Record. For NX-OS only.
- `trm` (Boolean) Enable Tenant Routed Multicast
- `vlan_id` (Number) VLAN ID
- `vlan_name` (String) Vlan name. If > 32 chars, enable 'system vlan long-name' for NX-OS, disable VTPv1 and VTPv2 or switch to VTPv3 for IOS XE.
- `vlan_netflow_monitor` (String) Vlan Netflow Monitor. Provide monitor name defined in fabric setting for Layer 3 Record. For NX-OS only
- `vrf_name` (String) The name of the vrf

Read-Only:

- `network_status` (String) Network status

<a id="nestedatt--networks--attachments"></a>
### Nested Schema for `networks.attachments`

Optional:

- `display_name` (String) The name of the switch
- `freeform_config` (String) This field covers any configuration not included in overlay templates which is needed as part of this VRF attachment
- `instance_values` (String) Instance values
- `serial_number` (String) Serial number of a switch
- `switch_ports` (Set of String) List of switch ports
- `tor_ports` (Set of String) List of TOR ports
- `vlan` (Number) VLAN ID

Read-Only:

- `attach_state` (String) The state of the attachment
- `attached` (Boolean) The state of the attachment
- `switch_name` (String) The name of the switch


<a id="nestedatt--networks--dhcp_relay_servers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `networks.dhcp_relay_servers`

Optional:

- `address` (String) Server IP V4 Address
- `vrf` (String) Server VRF. If management vrf, enter 'management'. If default/global vrf, enter 'default'.
