---
page_title: "ndfc Provider"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# ndfc Provider


NDFC terraform provider is used to manage Cisco Nexus Dashboard Fabric Controller (NDFC)    
It supports various resources to provision NDFC     
Refer the docs in resources and datasources folder to see more details on the supported resources       

## ndfc Provider Example

```hcl
provider "ndfc" {
  # Configuration options
  username = "***"
  password = "***"
  url     = "https://testnd.cisco.com"
  insecure = true
}
```
username/password can also be supplied as environment variables `NDFC_USERNAME` and `NDFC_PASSWORD`
## Argument Reference

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `password` (String, Sensitive) NDFC Login credentials - password. Enviroment variable `NDFC_PASSWORD` can be used to override the provider configuration.
- `url` (String) URL to connect to NDFC - Enviroment variable `NDFC_URL` can be used to override the provider configuration.
- `username` (String) NDFC Login credentials - user.  Enviroment variable `NDFC_USER` can be used to override the provider configuration.

### Optional

- `domain` (String) NDFC Login credentials - domain. Enviroment variable `NDFC_DOMAIN` can be used to override the provider configuration.
- `insecure` (Boolean) Controls whether ND server's certificate chain and host name is verified. This can also be set as the `NDFC_INSECURE` (true or false) environment variable.
- `timeout` (Number) NDFC HTTP request timeout - timeout. Enviroment variable `NDFC_TIMEOUT` can be used to override the provider configuration.


